user research beta guidelines (#123)
returntocorp/bento: BETA_GUIDELINES.md

# Bento

> Thanks for giving Bento a try.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks for trying Bento.  
```

> We would like you to follow these steps prior to the user interview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We ask that you to follow these steps prior to the user interview.
```

 - Install Bento: ```pip3 install bento-cli``` 
 - Initialize Bento: ```bento init``` (please provide your email when prompted)
 - Run Bento: ```bento check```

>  - Whitelist results: ```bento archive```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Archive preexisting results: ```bento archive```
```

 - Disable unwanted rules: ```bento disable r2c.eslint arrow-parens``` (this will disable the eslint arrow-parens rule)

## Notes

> Bento doesn't do any style checking (whitespace, etc.) and also doesn't ship any code off of your machine. You can read more about our privacy policy [here](https://github.com/returntocorp/bento/PRICACY.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bento doesn't do any style checking (whitespace, formatting, etc.) and also doesn't send any code off of your machine. You can read more about our privacy policy [here](https://github.com/returntocorp/bento/PRICACY.md).
```

More detailed instructions can be found [here](https://github.com/returntocorp/bento).  

> To initialize Bento, choose a Python or Javascript project that is managed by git (Bento understands git).  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To initialize Bento, choose a Python, Javascript, or TypeScript project that is managed by Git (Bento requires Git). 
```

> To initialize Bento, choose a Python or Javascript project that is managed by git (Bento understands git).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To initialize Bento, choose a Python or JavaScript project that is managed by git (Bento understands git).  
```

During the initialization, when prompted, please enter the same email address you used for the interview so we can distinguish your session from other users.   

> Once you ran ```bento check```, feel free to fix issues, ignore warnings, or disable specific checks (ex: ```bash bento disable r2c.eslint arrow-parens```). Just use Bento as many times as you'd like to use. 🤞

Reviewer 2: - Are the triple ` intentional?
- Is `bash` required?

> Once you ran ```bento check```, feel free to fix issues, ignore warnings, or disable specific checks (ex: ```bash bento disable r2c.eslint arrow-parens```). Just use Bento as many times as you'd like to use. 🤞

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you run ```bento check```, feel free to fix issues, ignore warnings, or disable specific checks (e.g., ```bash bento disable r2c.eslint arrow-parens```). Just use Bento as many times as you'd like to use. 🤞
```

> Once you ran ```bento check```, feel free to fix issues, ignore warnings, or disable specific checks (ex: ```bash bento disable r2c.eslint arrow-parens```). Just use Bento as many times as you'd like to use. 🤞

Author: ```suggestion
Once you ran ```bento check```, feel free to fix issues, ignore warnings, or disable specific checks (ex: ```bento disable r2c.eslint arrow-parens```). Just use Bento as many times as you'd like to use. 🤞
```

> We are curious if you'll like the ```bento archive``` feature as much as we do. This command will add all current findings to the whitelist, by creating a .bento-whitelist.yml file. It provides a clean slate for your project, so you can keep coding. You can work through the imperfections in your project over time. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are curious if you'll like the ```bento archive``` feature as much as we do. This command will add all current findings to the archive (creating a .bento-whitelist.yml file). It provides a clean slate for your project, so you can keep coding. You can work through the imperfections in your project over time. 
```

> We are curious if you'll like the ```bento archive``` feature as much as we do. This command will add all current findings to the whitelist, by creating a .bento-whitelist.yml file. It provides a clean slate for your project, so you can keep coding. You can work through the imperfections in your project over time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We’re curious if you'll like the ```bento archive``` feature as much as we do. This command adds all current findings to the whitelist, by creating a .bento-whitelist.yml file. It provides a clean slate for your project, so you can keep coding. You can work through the imperfections in your project over time. 
```

Author: Fixed

## License
Copyright (c) [r2c](https://r2c.dev ).

> ![r2c logo](https://r2c.dev/r2c-logo-silhouette.png?gh)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![r2c logo](https://r2c.dev/r2c-logo-silhouette.png?beta)
```

# Bento
Thanks for giving Bento a try.  
We would like you to follow these steps prior to the user interview.

## 1-  Installation
Here are some quick instructions to get you up and running. 
```bash

> pip3 install

Reviewer 3: missing package name?
